Chapter 3 Part 1 (Logs of a CareGivr Bot):

Me and my team were given a new group of children to take care of today...
They were like the previous batch, confused and strange...
One of the children, a girl if I'm not mistaken, is being kept in a hollow plexiglass ball...
She seems to keep breathing out purple gas from her nose and mouth...
Another kid, named Umbra I think, always looked for this girl finding her and helping her... I do not know if my image proccessors were working properly as he seemed to be able to move and manipulate darkness like a normal kid with clay...
I try not to wonder what the Republic has in store for these strange and gifted children, but all I know is that I am not paid enough Bitcoin to complain...
Now that I think of it... I have only been given strange kids by the Republic ever since I was made...

Ow... Sorry, one of the kids, Viper, I believe, bit me...

5 Minutes Later...

Ugh... I don't feel so good... The world is spinning in the wrong direction and I feel like I'm dy
LOG CLOSED

Chapter 3 Part 2 (Logs of another Securi3Bot):

Day 54:
I was chosen from the 5000 other Securi3Bots for a special task directly from the Republic's leader! I wonder what this glorious task entails...

Day 78:
I am feeling really confused right now... I had thought I would be guarding a national secret superweapon but instead I was given a bunch of kids to take care of? I am meant to stop them from leaving the lab facility... What use could children be in the lab, child labor?

Day 83:
Those kids are very weird... One of them lifted up the 20 kg bed that I could barely carry...

Day 85:
A kid, named "Umbra" I think, tried to run away from the lab... Because of my orders, I shot him in the back almost immediately... That kid has taunted me the previous week so it was not to hard to shoot him though... However, another little girl went over to the body and sat there crying in her little glass ball...
That look was so haunting... It was as though the girl had seen more deaths than me, a robot soldier! Na, that's impossible...

Day 102:
The girl stopped eating a while ago... It seems like she's mourning his death... I wish I hadn't done that...
Oh! What's this? Another of the young girls is waving at me... Wait... Is her hair moving? Are those snakes? W h y a m I s u d d e n l y s o s l o w...

Securi3Bot 34929802482 was not found after this log...
However, one of the kids made a livelike statue of him made from stone though... I wonder where the stone came from...?